# Output Description

## Description of output files format 

The output files generated by HPVampliconFinder are:

- an Excel file named “Table_Summary_MegaBlast” that contains several tables providing sequencing metrics by sample, primer set or tissue type, and a classification of putative new and known PV found in the samples, based on MegaBlast, RaxML and BlastN results.
- several excel file(s) containing a full taxonomic classification of the species present in the samples based on MegaBlast, BlastN or RaxML-EPA results, with unnormalized relative abundance estimated as number of reads. Several tables are created if several tissue type have been specified in the infofile, for the three methodologies applied to classify the PV sequences, and the information of primer used to detect the species is present (if also specified in the infofile).
- a KRONA ([Ondov et al., 2011](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/21961884)) graphical representations of the unnormalized abundance of PV genera and species, taxonomically classified based on MegaBlast, BlastN and RaxML-EPA results, in terms of number of reads. If an info-file was provided as input, a graphical representation is produced for each tissue type, as well as an overall representation mixing the different tissue types.
- an Excel file named “Table_putative_known_PV”, containing the putative known PV sequences detected in the different samples. This file contain information such as : a unique identification for the sequence or the cluster of sequences corresponding to a putative known PV; the percentage of dissimilarity on the aligned portion of the sequence return by MegaBlast (if several sequence in the cluster, the percentage of dissimilarity of the longest sequence is reported); the relative unnormalized abundance of the sequence(s) into the overall reads generated for the sample; the absolute number of reads used to generate the sequence(s); the GI number from MegaBlast rent; the closest PV species given by the BlastN against the PaVE database; the taxonomic classification at the genus level given by the BlastN against the PaVE database; the closest PV species given by the RaxML-EPA algorithm; the taxonomic classification at the genus level given by the RaxML-EPA algorithm; the nucleotide sequence(s).
- an Excel file named “Table_putative_new_PV”, containing the putative new PV sequences detected in the different samples. This file contain the same information as the “Table_putative_known_PV” excel file describe above.
- fasta files of the putative known and putative new PV, named “Putative_known_PV.fa” and “Putative_new_PV.fa”, respectively. If a cluster contain several sequence, the sequences get attributed a unique incremental number after the unique name of the cluster (Example if there is 3 sequences in the cluster named “PV_1” : >PV_1.1, >PV_1.2, >PV_1.3). 
